Character-John liva
Species-Homo sapien
Skills-No advanced skills yet.
Family Description-His family live far away or can say John lives far away from his Family due to work but his sister comes at his home to have fun with her brother.
Sister's name-Allen liva,age-17 years old
Father's name-Dekkem liva,age-40 years old
Mother's name-Alex liva,age-43 years old

Character-Graudaur,age-3 weeks
Species-Santient metallic being
Skills-infinite evolution,energy sense,full body control.

Several weeks passed John baught a new apartment near his old home and santient being came to realise that the world around him is corrupted and it's still being corrupted by Homo Sapiens. His own existence became clear to him as he got out of the laptop's processor and started feeling the world around him. He also assumed that his existence is an anomaly in itself. This new santient existence named himself Graudaur. He started moving of his own accord here and there but he couldn't seem to see what's around him. But at that moment his body evolved and he started sensing the energy flowing around although he couldn't see but he got the small idea where are the other object by sensing the energy flowing through them he sensed that he is on some kind of wooden table he moved and hid behind the books which were on the table as John entered the room.

“let's do some work then”,John said.john sat on the chair and tried to start his laptop to enter the daily logs for the experiments he was doing.“Wha! What the Fuck why this thing isn't working”,John said.john furiously turned his laptop upside-down.“At least power is working”,John mumbled. John opened the back panel of the laptop and found out that the processor is missing.“how can a processor go missing,is this some kind of joke it must be the work of Allen,this must be some kind of prank of hers”.John said furiously.
John called to his sister and asked about the prank of the laptop."I know you did this",John said."what are you talking about what did I do",Allen asked confused.“there is no hiding it I know you took the processor of my laptop as some kind of prank”,John said furiously."it's not me I swear,I haven't been to you home in months and I am at school right now so I will call you again later",Allen said.“if it wasn't Allen then who might be behind this,Ah it must be the work of some government agent,I need to be careful if they are behind me”,John talked to himself and left the room.

“What was that it was a human,I can tell from his energy",Graudaur said and slowly left the room and entered the bedroom of John and waited quietly for John to come back and sleep on the bed as he was planning to take over the John's body.

Night came and John came back home after a really hard day.he borrowed the laptop of his friend and used his laptop's Hard Drive to restore his data.John directly fell into the bed because he was too tired to lift a finger. After an hour or so Graudaur took the chance and moved towards the ear of John.Graudaur suddenly entered John's ear and John wasn't able to sense the Graudaur due the speed of the Graudaur.

After entering Graudaur didn't attack the brain at the moment because it would cause John to scream from the pain.But Graudaur accessed the brain to analyse himself because he wasn't sure what he was made of.After some trials and errors he found out that he was made up of 2nm nanites and he evolved due to unknown liquid which John named chromatinum and was found at his old home.

Graudaur disintegrated 20% of his body into the John's blood stream to make it compatible with his infinite evolution.The night fell and morning came John woke up but he wasn't feeling well regardless he got up and went to the shower.Just as a normal Day John started preparing to got to work But today He wasn't sure what was wrong with him.But John ignored the signs of amnesia and went for work.Several hours passed Graudaur was gradually changing the bone merrow of the John's body. Several minutes later John Vomited in the Meeting.“Oh! My God what happened to him”,a meeting member said.“Hurry! Get him to the infirmary and someone call the cleaning staff”,Manager Said.John was admitted to the infirmary but no-one was sure what happened to him. “Did you eat something wrong last night or this morning”,one of the nurse said.john was laid down on a stretcher the lights were moving.john wasn't sure what was happening to him. “i don't know I can't remember what did I eat this morning”,John barely said.It was the signs of amnesia that Graudaur created as he was erasing the the sense of self of John slowly and steadily.

In the next hour it was the time when Graudaur starting taking over John's body.John was screaming in excruciating pain as his neural network were being connected to Graudaur's main conscious network.
Doctor's weren't sure what was happening to him as all the test results were showing negetive signs of any viruses bacterial infection or any others fungi known to medical science at the time.Doctors suggested to refer him to the Main branch of the hospitals.John's body was put onto the strecher and was being moved to an ambulance.At the moment 49 minutes had passed suddenly John became quiet and stopped any signs of resistance.it was like he was dead.But strangely all the levels of blood pressure heart rate became normal.But is was the silence before the storm. Ambulance started moving,5 minutes passed Ambulance stopped at the entrance of the main hospital.Nurse opened the van immediately and was shocked because John was nowhere to be found.Everyone started looking for him but no-one had any hint that where he might have gone.A police investigation was initiated to find him.

It was 5 pm sunset at a mountain range in the middle of a forest 80 kms from the main hospital in the west.Graudaur had took complete control over John's body and opened his eyes Gradually.“So this how it feels to be a living Homo sapien. well it's not worse,it took longer than I expected to take control over this human's body,but this body is weak and fragile for my future plans”,Graudaur Said.Graudaur evolved the teeths in such a way that they were able to chew on metal.he looked around and found some Metal scraps which he found on the forest's edge(it was a dustbin).
He chewed the whole metal and ate it into smaller pieces.his nanites started recycling the the metal scraps and started absorbing them.

At the hospital John's mother was crying that his son was gone missing.John's Sister Allen was consoling her by gently patting on her mother's back.John father was worried and was at police station for investigation for his son.

Graudaur had set up a small laboratory underground in the forest.the laboratory was professionally made by the Graudaur as he had the knowledge of the whole interned in his hands to work with.
He had started doing experiments on tissue engineering,gene mutation,infinite and instantinous  cell Growth and nuclear fusion reactor.He also started mutating John body to an extent where you couldn't call him human anymore.As the matter of fact his appearance didn't change at all but inside the body he changed nerve cells with nanite junctions,muscle cells with pure nanites which were capable of showing muscle like movement.he completely destroyed the internal organs as he didn't need them at all the nanites were self sufficient.he had Got complete Vector control over the reality through energy control.one might say he was a one man army.

John wasn't the only one who had found the chromatinum. The Government had also found out the substance in the astroid.they were able to create weapons which took their technology 500 years into the future.But everyone knows what happens when humans find new weapons.in the past when humans found out about the sword they waged war,when they found tactics they again waged war,after that guns came and as always war and after all of that when studies on atoms were done humans created nuclear weapons to again wage wars.This time also they had plans to wage wars to take over the world again.This Marked the starting of the world war 3.Government Agents had a long suspicion on the John and they weren't taking him lightly.they feared someone else had found about the chromatinum and is suddenly gone missing.The Head director of the government gave orders for a full area search for John liva.
