character-john liva 
occupation-tissue engineer at a harward biolagy lab
description-he is your average scientist with crazy ideas

"i have a good idea please review it",john said."i am sick of your crazy ideas just throw them they are garbage",technical manager said.john is leaving the room.
"Dammit no one believes me i can prove my theories but i don't have enough resources to do so",john said.john left the laboratory and went home in sad mood. 
he went home after purchasing same corn flakes from the local market and opened the news channel while eating corn flakes with milk.
"there will be a meteour approaching the earth at incredible speed and its mass is 200kilo tons estimated by scientists the location estimated by scientists is around crodopia district 11",News channel. 
"what the,that's my state and district ",john said."an evacuation order will be issued midnight we suugest the citizens to pack daily necessities", News channel. john didn't took the warning seriously and went
to bed without any worries.at midnight around 1 o'clock there were a traffic rush around john's house. loud noises of horns and big crowd disturbed the john's sleep. "what the hell is going on outside don't tell me they all took it seriously",john said.
john went outside there was a big traffic jam outside his house. there wasn't enough pace for even a single person to pass though. john very lazily packed his luggage and somehow went with the evacuation order. john went through the night and it was a torcher. the astroid coincidently fell onto tthe john's house at around 4 am.
 the next morning the john found out that astroid fell onto his house but the government claimeed that its government property. "what the fuck are you doing its my house",john said to the local police.
"sir we can't let you go towards that astroid.it is a government property now and it fell onto your house we will provide you insurance but sir right now this area is strictly off-limits", police said.
"let's see who can stop me",john thought in his mind.john went to the red zoned area by concealing his prescence. he saw several rocks nearby, his bed burned and his furniture  turned to ashes. "my precious furniture i spent thousand of dollers on it",john thought. he investigated the area further and found a strange liquid.
"what the fuck is this liquid ",john said.john had never scene such substance even being scientist.this substance was purple in color with high viscosity like a honeyit was dripping from one of the rocks he'd found near his burnt chair.
john took the sample of the substance in his test tube he always carried with him and went to laboratory.he did experiments on the substance but any of the results weren't matching his knowledge. he'd found a new kind of substance
which no one has saw before. "its a new discovery i should register my name on it",john thought.after some moments."as my reputation as a crazy scientist no one will believe me anyway".john thought.
he thought of concealing the mysterous substance from the world.After doing some experiments with metals he found out that this substance can fuse with different atoms and produce different results by changing their chemical properties but one thing was same that all the reactions showed the properties of liquids . he named this substance chromatinum.
one day while doing experiments he accidently spilled some of it on a high tech computer chip."what the hell i should fix my clumsyness first",john said. he ignored the accident. after several days the substance fused with the 
processor of the computer cip and produced a santient liquid metallic being.this santient being was pure willed,liquid shaped and silver in color capable of thinking,but he knew nothing about the world so it remained silent for a while. during this time the organism hacked the operating system and started downloadin all the human knowledge available online while acting as a computer processor..
