Human enhancement and failures

Creation of cannibal gene

Second experiment carnivorous plant

Third experiment water control device with conciousness

Ice soldiers and conflict then war

Introduction of complex ice creatures:transforming centepede with tentacles,ice soldiers,gliders,

Uske bad world conflict and competition of power

Inter nation wars

President's murder

System abolishment and introduction to military rule

civil war due to poor conditions

Graudaur kills the vice president

Destruction of United States

Legend of the God

Graudaur disappears somewhere

Numerous experiments

Uske bad creation of new dimention

First season ends

Second season starts

Introduction to the other dimention the place known as heaven

Creation of the X-R81 nicknamed Dracula by Graudaur

Dracula unleashed into the world

Dracula is a Vampire which has the skill called blood manipulation.and killing of an entire family

Dracula on Rampage kills an entire Nation.gaines chemical manipulation skill

Dracula appears into the dream of David and told him to take the injection at his own risk

David's bloodlust and control.killed his last friend and now want to kill Dracula.

David vs Dracula Finale

Dracula won but Graudaur rssurected David into a 16 year old child who had just commited a suicide.and gains a skill named thousand iq.

David creates space distortion technology and fights the Dracula again.

David vs Dracula rematch but Dracula was going to win.David Distorts 2 spaces at the same time and entered space time event.

David goes to past and kills Dracula but his body gets disintegrated into the space time fabric.

Due to distortion of space 60% of earth's population Dies 

Rebuilding earth

Graudaur got all the data required for first phase of his experiment

2nd season ends

3rd season starts 

Due to space distortion incident a mutation occured humans started controlling energy on a small scale but In a crude way.

Humans created parasites which have symbiotic relationship with humans every parasite is unique.

Graudaur created demon parasite and gave it to a boyThis parasite multiplies a user's energy levels indefinitely

High school life of the boy,the bullying causes anger with hatred

Demon parasite evolves into demon tree which created a demon forest

Demon parasite shares its power to persons who look for the devil weak willed get consumed and who go through the pain are able to use it

Combining parasites with demon powers chaos arises in the world

The great parasite war and level of demons and the great demon control parasite.

Graudaur wants to clean the world he sent Death reaper to kill the demons and most of the parasites

The most powerful parasite survives and is now want to defeat Graudaur.

Graudaur comes to earth and takes back his demon tree the extinction of demon power.

Parasites get commercialized.the new world arises

3rd season ends

4th season starts

Humans created tournaments for energy controllers.Graudaur personally created a Black sword which absorbs human energy indiscriminately.

The great calamity of the sword and the one who wields it

Rampage of the great sword.and arrival of the great heros.Sword gets an equal match but was undefeated

Sword gets absorbed into the boy's body and boy is now tenfold powerful

The great hero casts summoning spell and Graudaur appears and absorbs his own sword back into him just as to absorb all the energy it collect.

Heros powers weren't normal.Graudaur's investigation and truth of creator who lives in other dimention and has actually created the universe.

4th season ends

5th season starts

Graudaur takes root into an infant's conciousness and starts a new life as the Prince of the nation.

Life of the normal boy


Invention of an infinity gem that can store indefinite amount of energy.Invention of the new complex guided energy flow through human's body.

Plan of assassination gone wrong.
Living a normal life but one day Wife gets assasinated.

Distruction of a whole kingdom just to kill assasins and creating custom  highly complex energy flow for the infant and embedding the infinite gem.

Boy appeared in a poor house's door step.Living a. Poor life with high discrimination and poverty.

Graudaur comes in the child's dream in the age of 12 and told him about the creator.

Oath for mother's revenge.leaves for the kingdom's highest grade schools.and investigation on creator's current body.

Ne friend at achademy.Friendship and betrayal by the creator.boy goes missing.

Several months later boy attacks the creator.a head to head fight.losing then first human tramscendemce but one an arm is transformed.destroys creator's current body by matter wave dagger.

Training for human tramscendemce and creator introding random Dungeans.mandatory for energy controllers to fight in dungeans.

Girl finding the truth of the God's child and face to face with death.

Giving the girl single eye human tramscendemce to make her a sniper.gifting a energy controlled sniper rifle.

Creating a pure energy sword named soul eater and unleashing it into the world.

Sword destroys it's master if he is not worthy.Soul eater's thieft

Sword possesed the boy but a 4 year old girl reverts the possession of the body.

Sword taken into the chamber and a 14 Year old thief in custody.training and signing a blood contract with the sword.

Meeting up with the god's child and testing the power will.and leaving with a warning.



